Add real-time barcode scanning API and iOS backend implementation (#4458)
beeware/toga: changes/camera-scanning.feature.md

> The Camera API gained `start_scanning()`, `stop_scanning()`, and `is_scanning()` methods for real-time barcode and QR code scanning, along with an `on_detection` callback and a `BarcodeFormat` enum. The iOS backend implements scanning using `AVCaptureSession` with `AVCaptureMetadataOutput`, supporting QR codes, Code 128, EAN-13, EAN-8, PDF417, Aztec, and Data Matrix formats. The macOS and Android backends raise `NotImplementedError` for scanning operations.

Reviewer: No need to mention implementation details:
```suggestion
Barcodes (in QR, Code 128, EAN-13, EAN-8, PDF417, Aztec, and Data Matrix formats) can now be scanned with the Camera API, with an `on_detection()` callback being invoked when the camera is in scanning mode and a barcode of the requested type is seen.
```

> The Camera API gained `start_scanning()`, `stop_scanning()`, and `is_scanning()` methods for real-time barcode and QR code scanning, along with an `on_detection` callback and a `BarcodeFormat` enum. The `code_types` parameter accepts a single `BarcodeFormat` value or a list. The iOS and macOS backends implement scanning using `AVCaptureSession` with `AVCaptureMetadataOutput`, supporting QR codes, Code 128, EAN-13, EAN-8, PDF417, Aztec, and Data Matrix formats. The Android backend raises `NotImplementedError` for scanning operations.

Reviewer: This seems to have reverted the changenote suggestion from before.

(also - the changenote should be `4458.feture.md`)
